Adds patent, a prior-art search TUI built with ratatui. (#334)
ratatui/awesome-ratatui: README.md

- [Oatmeal](https://github.com/dustinblackman/oatmeal) - Terminal UI to chat with large language models (LLM) using different model backends, and integrations with your favourite editors!
- [openapi-tui](https://github.com/zaghaghi/openapi-tui) - Terminal UI to list, browse and run APIs defined with openapi spec.
- [opencode stats](https://github.com/Cateds/opencode-stats) - A terminal dashboard for OpenCode usage statistics and cost breakdowns.

> - [patent](https://github.com/r14dd/patent) - A prior-art search for dev-tool ideas across 11 package registries, with local ranking and an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [patent](https://github.com/r14dd/patent) - A prior-art search for devtool ideas.
```
